Documented claim failed deposit method (#177)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/api/api.md

A nice example of using this endpoint via our SDK can be found [here](../dev/developer-guides/bridging/l2-l1.md).

::: tip

The list of L2 to L1 logs produced by the transaction, which is included in the receipts, is a combination of logs produced by L1Messenger contract or other system contracts/bootloader. 

There is a log produced by the bootloader for every L1 originated transaction that shows if the transaction has succeeded. 

:::

### `zks_getL2ToL1MsgProof`

Given a block, a sender, a message, and an optional message log index in the block containing the L1->L2 message, it returns the proof for the message sent via the L1Messenger system contract.

### Input parameters

| Parameter | Type      | Description                                                                               |
| --------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| block     | `uint32`  | The number of the block where the message was emitted.                                    |
| sender    | `address` | The sender of the message (i.e. the account that called the L1Messenger system contract). |

> | msg       | `uint256` | The keccak256 hash of the sent message.                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| msg       | `bytes32` | The keccak256 hash of the sent message.                                          |
```

A nice example of using this endpoint via our SDK can be found [here](../dev/developer-guides/bridging/l2-l1.md).

::: warning

`zks_getL2ToL1MsgProof` endpoint will be deprecated because proofs for L2 to L1 messages can also be fetched from `zks_getL2ToL1LogProof`.

:::

### `zks_getL2ToL1LogProof`

Given a transaction hash, and an index of the L2 to L1 log produced within the transaction, it returns the proof for the corresponding L2 to L1 log.

The index of the log that can be obtained from the transaction receipt (it includes a list of every log produced by the transaction).

### Input parameters

| Parameter | Type      | Description                                                                               |
| --------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tx_hash   | `bytes32` | Hash of the L2 transaction the L2 to L1 log was produced within.                                   |

> | l2_to_l1_log_index| `undefined | number` | The Index of the L2 to L1 log in the transaction. |

Reviewer 2: nit: for me it shows `undefined | number` in 2 lines, which looks bad, if you know how to fix it, please do, if not then let's leave

Reviewer 3: good point... most likely there is a way to escape the character inside the table - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49809122/vertical-bar-symbol-within-a-markdown-table

Author: Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to work.

### Output format

> The same as in [zks_getL2ToL1MsgProof](#output-format-4).

Reviewer 3: Given this endpoint is going to be deprecated, shouldn't we actually move the zks_getL2ToL1LogProof up in the documentation, and then leave the deprecated below, and referencing the output format for the valid one?

Author: Good point.

::: tip

> The lists of L2 to L1 logs produces by the tx, which is included in the receipts, are a combination of logs produced by L1Messenger contract or other system contracts/bootloader. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The list of L2 to L1 logs produced by the transaction, which is included in the receipts, is a combination of logs produced by L1Messenger contract or other system contracts/bootloader. 
```

Reviewer 3: good edit
